# NHLGameBlog2
#### This blog is similar to one I created in March 2022. But this one stores data in fake database and not in file. The purpose was to practive MVC (Model View Controller) paradigm. I was able to get data from database, allow users to login, establish sessions. It is first time ever I used handlebars. Seems like I learned how to do it. 
#### I did not bother to create complete game blog. That's why it was not full roster but just three players with random stats. 
#### This is continuation of this repository: https://github.com/umnovjp/NHLGamesBlog. That one allowed anyone to add game reviews. There were way too many games in one file. We will use database to store it better. This repo does not offer a user to add reviews because I know already how to do it. And there is another great repo, which allows to pull game stats normally not available on www.nhl.com: https://github.com/umnovjp/NHLStats. In the future I plan to combine all of them to view stats other fans cannot find. 
#### To try this script, first start database: `mysql -u root -p`, then enter your password, then run `source db/schema.sql`, then tun `exit'. After exit, run `npm run seed` then `npm start`. You will be able to navigate from main menu to individual games of 2021-2022 stars series against Calgary Flames. You cannot navigate to roster yet. For some reason, #each built in helper does not run yet. But it will eventually. 
#### And by start of new season in October I should be ready to use actual deployed site. Follow me!